IBX-6626: Simplify user actions (#233)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/content_organization/manage_locations_urls.md

Even if you hide the content in one Location, it remains visible in its other Locations.
You can also [hide the Content item itself](copy_move_hide_content.md#hide-content).

> When a Location is hidden, all of its children (other Content items that are under it in the tree) are also automatically hidden.

Author: ```suggestion
When a Location is hidden, all of its children (other Content items that are under it in the tree) will also be automatically hidden.
```

They can only be revealed if the parent Location is revealed as well.

> A hidden Location is invisible for everyone viewing the website.

Author: ```suggestion
A hidden Location will be invisible for everyone viewing the website.
```

Each Content item can have one or more URL aliases. They are additional URLs that can be used to access this Content item.

You can add URL aliases in the URL tab under **Custom URL aliases for...** by clicking **+ Add**.
The URL alias must be unique for the whole installation, regardless of the language.

![Creating a new URL alias](img/create_new_url_alias.png)

For each new alias, you can set the following options:

- Language - the language of the Content item that the alias redirects to.

> - Redirect to alias destination - when toggled on, the alias redirects to the Content item's actual URL.
> - Place at the website root - when toggled, the alias is created in the root of the website.
> If this is toggled off, the alias is relative to the parent of the Content item.

Author: ```suggestion
- Redirect to alias destination - when toggled on, the alias will redirect to the Content item's actual URL.
- Place at the website root - when toggled, the alias will be created in the root of the website.
If this is toggled off, the alias will be relative to the parent of the Content item.
```
